The Game Room - Software Design Document Overview

The Game Room is a company who published a hit Android game, Draw It or Lose It. The Game Room wanted to make the game available on multiple platforms, which prompted the creation of this software design document. The design document does a good job outlining what the software is and is seeking to accomplish. The design document gives a brief overview of the different aspects and challenges of developing software for various operating platforms. The process of researching the differences between operating platforms and industry standards for designing software helped greatly in the development of the application because it helped identify the best way to approach the code. Knowing the specifics of various operating platforms helped determine what techniques were used when writing code. One part of the document I would revise would be the breakdown of various operating systems. I feel that bullet points for this section would be helpful in making the document more concise. User's needs were considered during this project by analyzing the exiting game and determining the best way to implement the new software. I approached the design of this software by analyzing user needs and expectations and implementing design patterns such as the client server model. Using proven design patterns when appropriate means less time was spent trying to develop a new and unproven technique to create the new implementation of Draw It or Lose It. I would adopt this approach in the future since creating a design document helped identify potential problems so they could be considered prior to writing any code.
